There is one other small change we're going to make to our exploration complete listener.
So right now, whenever we receive a message, we're going to find the corresponding order no matter
what, and always mark the order as being cancelled.
And as you can imagine, there might be a kind of big downside to this.
What would happen if we received a cancellation event around an order that has already been paid for?
Well, chances are we would take this order that has already been paid for or be marked as complete
and cancel it anyways.
So we do have to add in a little check here and just make sure that we do not try to cancel an order
that has been paid for right after our little check to make sure that we have an order.
We're going to take a look at the order status property and we're going to say that if this is equal
to order status dot complete, then let's just return early act the message because we do not want to
do anything with this cancellation event.
So I'm going to return early and call message back leg.
So.
Okay.
Good little fix.
Quick pause right here and continue in just a minute.